Add first draft of load testing (#263)
IDinsight/ask-a-question: load_testing/README.md

# Load Testing

## What is this?

This submodule extends the core functionality of the `locust` load-testing library to run multiple load-tests in succession and collect and save results to file.

# How to run

1. Create a new python 3.9 environment

2. Install libraries in `requirements-dev.txt`

3. Create an AAQ account, retrieve an API key.

4. Set both the AAQ URL (e.g.https://app.ask-a-question.com/api/) and AAQ_API_KEY in .env file as 

> `TARGET_URL` and `AAQ_API_KEY` respectively.

Reviewer: Mention that you have to copy the template then edit the contents

Reviewer: and update the code to read from the file directly instead of relying on direnv

        Default `configs/constant_multi.json`.

    - `--output`: Folder to store outputs.

        Default `outputs`.

# Results

## Live Monitoring

Results of tests can be monitored live through the Locust WebUI by going to the localhost address given in the terminal when tests are running (Usually at port 8089)

## Saved to file

Results are saved to file at 4 stages:

1. During each test run
2. End of each test run
3. End of each experiment's set of test runs
4. End of all experiments

Results from each individual load-testing experiment are also saved under a corresponding `experiment_name/` subfolder. The following subfolders are then created inside:

1. `raw/`: While each test is running, raw stats and error info are flushed to disk every 10 seconds by Locust into a further subfolder titled `[users]_user_[locustfile]/`, corresponding to the test parameters. Files saved by Locust:

    ```console
    test_exceptions.csv
    test_failures.csv
    test_stats.csv
    test_stats_history.csv
    ```

2. `html_reports/`: At the end of each test, an HTML report made by Locust is saved here. Each report includes final stats and load-test progression plots.

> ### Example output folder structure

Reviewer: is this all still relevant? Doesnt seem like the folder structure is the same

Each key-value pair here is a load-test experiment, where the key is the experiment name and the value is a dictionary of parameters expected by `locust`.

Each experiment entry reflects the core elements of a [standard locust config file](https://docs.locust.io/en/stable/configuration.html) but with the key difference that parameters are given as lists as opposed to single values. This allows us to run multiple test configurations per experiment, namely to use different locustfiles (type of requests sent) and numbers of users.

## Experiment types

This submodule is designed to be able to run two types of experiments: constant and ramped load-tests. As many experiments can be added to the config file as necessary - the script will execute one after the other.

### _Constant load-tests_

Constant load-tests initiate the max number of users from the start and sustain the load for the given run-time.

When multiple request types (via different locustfiles) and numbers of users are specificed, the constant load-tests experiment outputs a grid of results that allows us to compare response times and requests/sec under stable load conditions.

> An example of a config entry for multiple constant load-tests performed on the `STAGING_URL` is given below:

Reviewer: update mentions of STAGING_URL? We don't use that terminology anymore (at least not yet)

# Load Testing

> 
> This is the readme for AAQ Load Testing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## What is this?

This submodule extends the core functionality of the `locust` load-testing library to run multiple load-tests in succession and collect and save results to file.

# How to run

1. Create a new python 3.9 environment

2. Install libraries in `requirements-dev.txt`

3. Create an AAQ account, retrieve an API key.

> 4. Set both the AAQ URL (e.g.https://aaq-testing.idinsight.io/api/) and AAQ_API_KEY in .env file as 
> `TARGET_URL` and `AAQ_API_KEY` respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Set both the AAQ URL (e.g.https://app.ask-a-question.com/api/) and AAQ_API_KEY in .env file as 
`TARGET_URL` and `AAQ_API_KEY` respectively.
```
